[NUI][Pagination] modification of the guide content (#1366)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/dotnet/guides/nui/nui-components/Pagination.md

## Pagination properties

The following table lists the properties specific to the `Pagination` class:

**Table: Pagination properties**

| Property                  | Type               | Description                                          |
|---------------------------|--------------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| `IndicatorSize`           | `Size`             | The absolute size of the indicator.                  |
| `IndicatorSpacing`        | `int`              | The space between the indicators measured in pixels. |
| `IndicatorCount`          | `int`              | The count of the indicators.                         |
| `IndicatorImageUrl`       | `Selector<string>` | The background resource of the indicator.            |
| `IndicatorColor`          | `Color`            | The color of the indicator.                          |
| `SelectedIndicatorColor`  | `Color`            | The color of the selected indicator.                 |

> | `SelectedIndex`           | `int`              | The index of the select indicator.                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SelectedIndex`           | `int`              | The index of the selected indicator.  |

| Indicators with images                               | Solid color indicators                               |
|------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------|
|![Pagination1a](./media/PaginationExample_Images.png) | ![Pagination1b](./media/PaginationExample_Color.png) |

## Create with style

To create pagination using style, follow these steps:

1. Create a style for pagination:
    ```cs
   string _imageUrl = Tizen.Applications.Application.Current.DirectoryInfo.Resource + "images/";

    PaginationStyle _style = new PaginationStyle()
    {
        IndicatorSize = new Size(100, 100),
        IndicatorSpacing = 30,
        IndicatorImageUrl = new Selector<string>
        {
            Normal = _imageUrl + "shots.jpg",
            Selected = _imageUrl + "shots.gif"
        },
        Name = "Pagination2",
        Size = new Size(600, 200),
        BackgroundColor = new Color(0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f)
    };
    ```

2. Use the style to create a new instance of a `Pagination` class:
    ```cs
    var _pagination = new Pagination(_style);
    _pagination.IndicatorCount = 3;
    _pagination.SelectedIndex = 2;
    ```

> 3. Add the pagination to the control:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add pagination to the control:

    {
        protected override ViewStyle GetViewStyle()
        {
            PaginationStyle _style = new PaginationStyle
            {
                IndicatorSize = new Size(100, 100),
                IndicatorSpacing = 50,
                IndicatorImageUrl = new Selector<string>
                {
                    Normal = Tizen.Applications.Application.Current.DirectoryInfo.Resource + "images/gray.png",
                    Selected = Tizen.Applications.Application.Current.DirectoryInfo.Resource + "images/blue.png"
                },
                Name = "Pagination3",
                Size = new Size(500, 200),
                BackgroundColor = new Color(1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f),
            };
            return _style;
        }
    }
    ```

2. Register your custom style within your namespace:
    ```cs
    Tizen.NUI.Components.StyleManager.Instance.RegisterStyle("CustomPagination", null, typeof(<YOUR_NAME_SPACE>.CustomPaginationStyle));
    ```

3. Use your custom style to create a new `Pagination` instance:
    ```cs
    var _pagination = new Pagination("CustomPagination");
    _pagination.IndicatorCount = 3;
    _pagination.SelectedIndex = 1;
    ```

> 4. Add the pagination to the parent:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Add pagination to the parent:

Reviewer: Line 199, 207, please remove the quotation marks for left, right

# Pagination

> Pagination is a component for making navigation through multipage windows more user-friendly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
Pagination is a component for making navigation through multipage windows more user-friendly. It can be used to display the number of available pages and marking the currently viewed one. The following figure illustrates the use of simple pagination. It shows 5 available pages, of which the first one is currently displayed.

It can be used to display the number of available pages and marking the currently viewed one.
The figure below illustrates the use of a simple pagination - it shows 5 available pages, of which the first one is currently displayed.

![Pagination](./media/Pagination.png)

Pagination can be customized for size and the background color as well as for using images or solid colors for indicators.

> Navigation within the pages occurs by attaching to it the window key event as described at the end of this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
Pagination can be customized for size and the background color as well as for using images or solid colors for indicators. Navigation within the pages occurs by attaching it to the window key event as described at the end of this section.

In the following sections on this guide one can find:
- [the main pagination properties](#paginationProperties)
- how to create a pagination
   - [using properties](#createWithProperty)
   - [using style](#createWithStyle)

>    - [using a custom style](#createWithCustomStyle)

Reviewer: Please refer to https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1366/files#discussion_r535773835

Author: the redirection of this link is not clear to me.
I deleted the agenda after mijin85cho's comment if that's what you meant

Reviewer: Yes, probably we left comments at the same time. 
It is the same, we don't need this.

- [how to connect pagination with a KeyEvent](#connectWithKeyEvent)

<a name="paginationProperties"></a>
## Pagination properties

The following table lists the properties specific to the Pagination class:

**Table: Pagination properties**

| Property                  | Type               | Description                                   |
|---------------------------|--------------------|-----------------------------------------------|
| `IndicatorSize`           | `Size`             | The absolute size of the indicator.           |

> | `IndicatorSpacing`        | `int`              | The space between the indicators (in pixels). |              

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
| `IndicatorSpacing`        | `int`              | The space between the indicators, it is measured in pixels. |

Author: can I write shorter? :
The space between the indicators measured in pixels.

Reviewer: Yes, you can. It is fine.

| `IndicatorCount`          | `int`              | The count of the indicators.                  |              
| `IndicatorImageUrl`       | `Selector<string>` | The background resource of the indicator.     |              
| `IndicatorColor`          | `Color`            | The color of the indicator.                   |              
| `SelectedIndicatorColor`  | `Color`            | The color of the selected indicator.          |              
| `SelectedIndex`           | `int`              | The index of the select indicator.            |              

> [View](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/guides/nui/view/) is the (indirect) base class of pagination, and you can also

Reviewer: Global: Please use relative paths: 

https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1366#discussion_r534619626

```suggestion

[View](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/guides/nui/view/) is the indirect base class of pagination, and you can also use its properties as shown in the following example:

Author: I removed the ()
are you ok with the sentence like that:
[Tizen.NUI.BaseComponents.View](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.BaseComponents.View.html) is the indirect base class of pagination, and you can also use its properties as shown in the examples in this section.

there is no 'the following example', that's why I changed it

Reviewer: [Tizen.NUI.BaseComponents.View](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.BaseComponents.View.html) is the indirect base class of pagination, and you can also use its properties as shown in the examples:

Author: I would end the sentence with a dot because it is followed by a new section, not an example, but I changed it as you wanted.

use its properties as shown in the examples in this section.
<!-- TO BE DONE:
(the full list of a view's properties can be found in the [next section](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/guides/nui/view/))
-->

<a name="createWithProperty"></a>
## Create with property

> To create a pagination using property, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
To create pagination using property, follow these steps:

> 1. Create an instance of a Pagination using the default constructor:

Reviewer: Global: I see inconsistency in the usage of P for pagination, please use small p as decided earlier.

Author: in this context it is a class name.
please check here:
https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.Components.Pagination.html#Tizen_NUI_Components_Pagination__ctor

Do you think it's confusing and I should use everywhere 'pagination' ?

Reviewer: @mgrudzinska, if it is the class name, we can use code styling for that:
```suggestion
 1. Create an instance of a `Pagination` class using the default constructor:

   To set the absolute path of the images that are used, the `Tizen.Applications.Application.Current.DirectoryInfo.Resource` path is used.
   For more information see
   [Class Application](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/tizenfx/api/Tizen.Applications.Application.html)
   and
   [Class DirectoryInfo](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/tizenfx/api/Tizen.Applications.DirectoryInfo.html).

   You can also set a solid color for the indicators, instead of using images:
   ```cs
   _pagination.IndicatorColor = new Color(1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 0.5f);
   _pagination.SelectedIndicatorColor = Color.Black;
   ```

3. Add the pagination to the view:

   ```cs
   _rootView.Add(_pagination);
   ```

The following output is generated when the pagination is created using the property:

| Indicators with images                               | Solid color indicators                               |
|------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------|
|![Pagination1a](./media/PaginationExample_Images.png) | ![Pagination1b](./media/PaginationExample_Color.png) |

<a name="createWithStyle"></a>
## Create with style

> To create a pagination using style, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
 To create pagination using style, follow these steps:

> 1. Create a style for pagination:

Reviewer: Kindly check for P of pagination.

Author: my intention was to use small p everywhere where we talk about an object and P everywhere where I use a class name (3 time in the text).
should I change to? :
"Create an instance of a Pagination class ..."   <- 'class' added

Reviewer: Please refer to https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1366#discussion_r540696858

    ```cs
   string _imageUrl = Tizen.Applications.Application.Current.DirectoryInfo.Resource + "images/";

    PaginationStyle _style = new PaginationStyle()
    {
        IndicatorSize = new Size(100, 100),
        IndicatorSpacing = 30,
        IndicatorImageUrl = new Selector<string>
        {
            Normal = _imageUrl + "shots.jpg",
            Selected = _imageUrl + "shots.gif"
        },
        Name = "Pagination2",
        Size = new Size(600, 200),
        BackgroundColor = new Color(0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f)
    };
    ```

2. Use the style to create a new instance of the Pagination:

    ```cs
    var _pagination = new Pagination(_style);
    _pagination.IndicatorCount = 3;
    _pagination.SelectedIndex = 2;
    ```

3. Add the pagination to the parent:

   ```cs
   _rootView.Add(_pagination);
   ```

The following output is generated when the pagination is created using style:

![Pagination2](./media/PaginationExample_Animated.gif)

<a name="createWithCustomStyle"></a>
## Create with defined styles

> You can define a style based on the User Experience (UX), and then use the style to create a pagination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define a style based on the User Experience (UX), and then use the style to create pagination.

> 1. Define a custom style inside the namespace (called `YourNameSpace` - used in the second point of this example):

Author: now the 2. point sounds as if the `YourNameSpace` is the name of the custom style and it's not.

and what would you say for that? 
1. Define a custom style inside the namespace: 
...
2. Register your custom style using the namespace within you have defined it:
    ```cs
    ...typeof(YourNameSpace.CustomPaginationStyle));      <- now that is the only place where 'YourNameSpace' appears, but maybe it's obvious what is it and we don't need to clarify this?
   ```

> 1. Define a custom style inside the namespace (called `YourNameSpace` - used in the second point of this example):

Reviewer 2: About list item 2:
If "YourNameSpace" means literally "YourNameSpace", you can mark it with \<>.
(Please refer https://docs.tizen.org/application/vstools/tools/dotnet-cli-ext/#managing-security-profiles.
Various values to each are written in \<value description>.)

Also, how about making the description in concise sentence?

1. Define a custom style inside the namespace:
   ...
2. Register the defined custom style using the namespace:
   ```
   ...typeof(<YourNameSpace>.CustomPaginationStyle));
   ```

> 1. Define a custom style inside the namespace (called `YourNameSpace` - used in the second point of this example):

Author: thanks! fixed

> 1. Define a custom style inside the namespace (called `YourNameSpace` - used in the second point of this example):

Author: I used capital letters:
Tizen.NUI.Components.StyleManager.Instance.RegisterStyle("CustomPagination", null, typeof(<YOUR_NAME_SPACE>.CustomPaginationStyle));

---
keyword: pagination, indicator, property, style, Pagination, image, example, page, Class, key, KeyEvent
---

# Pagination

> Pagination is a component for making navigation through multipage windows more user-friendly. It can be used to display the number of available pages and marking the currently viewed one. The following figure illustrates the use of simple pagination. It shows 5 available pages, of which the first one is currently displayed.

Reviewer: Styleguide: when we have following in sentence, the ending sentence must end with : not . 
```suggestion
Pagination is a component for making navigation through multipage windows more user-friendly. It can be used to display the number of available pages and marking the viewed ones. The following figure illustrates the use of simple pagination with 5 available pages, of which the first one is displayed currently:

Author: it should be "the currently viewed one"
it doesn't mark "the viewed ones"

![Pagination](./media/Pagination.png)

In the following sections on this guide one can find:
- [the main Pagination properties](#paginationProperties)
- how to create a Pagination
   - [using Properties](#createWithProperty)
   - [using Style](#createWithStyle)
   - [using a custom style](#createWithCustomStyle)
- [how to connect Pagination with a KeyEvent](#connectWithKeyEvent)

> 

Author: in sections like:
https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/guides/nui/text/
or
https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/guides/nui/visuals/
we have such an agenda, but it is not named this way. I think this makes it easier for the reader to navigate around the site, but if you confirm, I will of course remove these lines from the guide

> 

Reviewer: What my intention was that all pages under 
tizen-docs/docs/application/dotnet/guides/nui/nui-components/

do not have such structure, since I do agree with your reasoning, but to maintain consistency, we may remove those lines, but yes I would like @annie-samsung to give her valuable suggestion here.

> 

Author: I haven't made this change yet. Please note that a similar introduction is given in the chapter on Visuals.
I will delete this fragment if you confirm that we don't want it

> 

Author: thank you for these comments.
I removed this part and I will also remove it from 'visuals' guide.

<a name="paginationProperties"></a>
## Pagination properties

The table below lists the properties specific for the Pagination class.

**Table: Pagination properties**

| Property                  | Type               | Description                                   |
|---------------------------|--------------------|-----------------------------------------------|
| `IndicatorSize`           | `Size`             | The absolute size of the indicator.           |
| `IndicatorSpacing`        | `int`              | The space between the indicators (in pixels). |              

> | `IndicatorCount`          | `int`              | The count of the indicators/pages.            |              

Author: I only left 'The count of the indicators' because it is the user's responsibility to link pagination with the pages and I didn't want it to look like it was automatic

> | `IndicatorCount`          | `int`              | The count of the indicators/pages.            |              

Author: Are you ok with 'The count of the indicators' ?
I don't like this 'or', since it won't happen automatically, the user has to identify the indicators with the pages.
If you wish I add the removed part.

> | `IndicatorCount`          | `int`              | The count of the indicators/pages.            |              

Reviewer: @mgrudzinska ok, then what is an appropriate word there? What do you wish to convey?

> | `IndicatorCount`          | `int`              | The count of the indicators/pages.            |              

Author: The count of the indicators'
I think it's clear enough. Do you agree?

| `IndicatorImageUrl`       | `Selector<string>` | The background resource of the indicator.     |              
| `IndicatorColor`          | `Color`            | The indicator's color.                        |              
| `SelectedIndicatorColor`  | `Color`            | The selected indicator's color.               |              
| `SelectedIndex`           | `int`              | The index of the select indicator.            |              

> The base class for the Pagination is a [VisualView](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/guides/nui/visuals/), so it's properties can also be used, as showed in the examples below.

Author: Thank you for this comment. None of them. This should be View and in the future I would like to put here a link to the edited View guide (with its properties table - same as in the Visuals section)

> The base class for the Pagination is a [VisualView](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/guides/nui/visuals/), so it's properties can also be used, as showed in the examples below.

Author: I changed to:
[Tizen.NUI.BaseComponents.View](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.BaseComponents.View.html) is the indirect base class of pagination, and you can also use its properties as shown in the examples in this section.
<!-- TO BE DONE:
(the full list of a view's properties can be found in the [next section](../view.md))
-->

please let me know if you want to change it

> <a name="createWithProperty"></a>

Author: Thanks!

   // inherited properties of the pagination 
   _pagination.Name = "Pagination1";
   _pagination.Size = new Size(500, 150);
   _pagination.BackgroundColor = new Color(0.4f, 0.56f, 1.0f, 0.7f);
   _pagination.ParentOrigin = ParentOrigin.Center;
   _pagination.PositionUsesPivotPoint = true;
   _pagination.PivotPoint = PivotPoint.BottomCenter;

   // specific properties of the Pagination
   var _indicatorImageUrlStyle = new PaginationStyle()
   {
      IndicatorImageUrl = new Selector<string>
      {
         Normal = _imageUrl + "circle_unselected.png",
         Selected = _imageUrl + "circle_selected.png"
      }
   };
   _pagination.ApplyStyle(_indicatorImageUrlStyle);

   _pagination.IndicatorSize = new Size(40, 40);
   _pagination.IndicatorSpacing = 60;
   _pagination.IndicatorCount = 5;
   _pagination.SelectedIndex = 1;
   ```

   To set the absolute path of the used images the `Tizen.Applications.Application.Current.DirectoryInfo.Resource` was used
   (for more information see
   [Class Application](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/tizenfx/api/Tizen.Applications.Application.html)
   and

>    [Class DirectoryInfo](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/tizenfx/api/Tizen.Applications.DirectoryInfo.html)).

Author: could you please help me with this one?
https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/tizenfx/api/Tizen.NUI.BaseComponents.View.html

I'm not sure what the relative path is, since I can not find the source 
I checked in other NUI docs and there are used links to samsung.github, like:
https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.BaseComponents.View.html

>    [Class DirectoryInfo](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/tizenfx/api/Tizen.Applications.DirectoryInfo.html)).

Reviewer 2: As we don't use URL starts with https://docs.tizen.org/... in guide pages, I left this comment without further checking.

In case of .NET API reference, we changed the URLs that refer https://docs.tizen.org to https://samsung.github.io.
So as you asked, for the .NET API reference URLs, please use URLs in https://samsung.github.io/.

I guess each URLs would be like below. Would you please confirm?
https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Applications.Application.html
https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Applications.DirectoryInfo.html

>    [Class DirectoryInfo](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/tizenfx/api/Tizen.Applications.DirectoryInfo.html)).

Reviewer 2: Adding one more comment.
If you want to go to other **guide** page under the NUI, for example if you want to go to View, you can write in this way.

**old :** \[View](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/guides/nui/view/)
**Suggested :** \[View](../view.md)

>    [Class DirectoryInfo](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/tizenfx/api/Tizen.Applications.DirectoryInfo.html)).

Author: thank you very much !

   Instead of images one can set a solid color of the indicators: 
   ```cs
   _pagination.IndicatorColor = new Color(1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 0.5f);
   _pagination.SelectedIndicatorColor = Color.Black;
   ```

> 3. Add the Pagination to the View:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add the Pagination to the view: 
```

Author: in line with your suggestion regarding visuals, to make it consistently everywhere, I also changed Pagination to pagination (globally)

Reviewer: sure, thanks.

   ```cs
   _rootView.Add(_pagination);
   ```

> Following output is generated when the Pagination is created using property:

Reviewer: ```Suggestion
The following output is generated when the Pagination is created using the property:

| Indicators with images                               | Solid color indicators                               |
|------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------|
|![Pagination1a](./media/PaginationExample_Images.png) | ![Pagination1b](./media/PaginationExample_Color.png) |

<a name="createWithStyle"></a>
## Create with style

To create a Pagination using style, follow these steps:

1. Create a style for Pagination:

    ```cs
   string _imageUrl = Tizen.Applications.Application.Current.DirectoryInfo.Resource + "images/";

    PaginationStyle _style = new PaginationStyle()
    {
        IndicatorSize = new Size(100, 100),
        IndicatorSpacing = 30,
        IndicatorImageUrl = new Selector<string>
        {
            Normal = _imageUrl + "shots.jpg",
            Selected = _imageUrl + "shots.gif"
        },
        Name = "Pagination2",
        Size = new Size(600, 200),
        BackgroundColor = new Color(0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f)
    };
    ```

> 2. Use the style to create a Pagination (regardless of the previous example):

Reviewer: Can we remove (regardless of the previous example): 
```suggestion
 2. Use the style to create a Pagination:

    ```cs
    var _pagination = new Pagination(_style);
    _pagination.IndicatorCount = 3;
    _pagination.SelectedIndex = 2;
    ```

3. Add the Pagination to the parent:

   ```cs
   _rootView.Add(_pagination);
   ```

> Following output is generated when the Pagination is created using style:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following output is generated when the Pagination is created using style:

![Pagination2](./media/PaginationExample_Animated.gif)

<a name="createWithCustomStyle"></a>
## Create with defined styles

> You can define a style based on the user experience (UX) and then use this style to create a Pagination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
You can define a style based on the User Experience (UX), and then use the style to create a Pagination.

> 1. Define a custom style inside you namespace (called `YourNameSpace` in this example):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Define a custom style inside the namespace (called `YourNameSpace` in the following example): 
```

Where are we using `YourNameSpace` ?? Please verify.

Author: in the second point of this example - I added this info to the text

Author: changed as suggested by mijin85cho

            {
                IndicatorSize = new Size(100, 100),
                IndicatorSpacing = 50,
                IndicatorImageUrl = new Selector<string>
                {
                    Normal = Tizen.Applications.Application.Current.DirectoryInfo.Resource + "images/gray.png",
                    Selected = Tizen.Applications.Application.Current.DirectoryInfo.Resource + "images/blue.png"
                },
                Name = "Pagination3",
                Size = new Size(500, 200),
                BackgroundColor = new Color(1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f),
            };
            return _style;
        }
    }
    ```

2. Register your custom style:

    ```cs
    Tizen.NUI.Components.StyleManager.Instance.RegisterStyle("CustomPagination", null, typeof(YourNameSpace.CustomPaginationStyle));
    ```

3. Use your custom style to create a Pagination instance (regardless of the previous example):

    ```cs
    var _pagination = new Pagination("CustomPagination");
    _pagination.IndicatorCount = 3;
    _pagination.SelectedIndex = 1;
    ```

3. Add the Pagination to the parent:

   ```cs
   _rootView.Add(_pagination);
   ```

> Following output is generated when the Pagination is created using the defined style:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following output is generated when the Pagination is created using the defined style:

![Pagination2](./media/PaginationExample_Square.png)

<a name="connectWithKeyEvent"></a>

> ## Responding to window key event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ## Respond to window key event

A [window key event](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.Window.html#Tizen_NUI_Window_KeyEvent) can be associated with the Pagination

> by the method that will handle the event (`Window_KeyEvent` in the example below):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [window key event](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.Window.html#Tizen_NUI_Window_KeyEvent) is associated with the Pagination
by a method that handles the `Window_KeyEvent` event  as shown in the following code:

```cs
Window window = NUIApplication.GetDefaultWindow();
window.KeyEvent += Window_KeyEvent;
```

> The method supports pressing the `Left`/`Right` keys, which switches the pagination indicator in the appropriate direction:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method supports pressing the `Left` or Right` keys, which switches the pagination indicator in the appropriate direction:

   _pagination.SelectedIndex = 1;
   ```

>    To set the absolute path of the images that are used, the `Tizen.Applications.Application.Current.DirectoryInfo.Resource` path is used. For more information see [Class Application](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Applications.Application.html) and [Class DirectoryInfo](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Applications.DirectoryInfo.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To set the absolute path of the images that are used, the `Tizen.Applications.Application.Current.DirectoryInfo.Resource` path is used. For more information, see [Class Application](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Applications.Application.html) and [Class DirectoryInfo](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Applications.DirectoryInfo.html).

            if (pagination.SelectedIndex > 0)
            {
                pagination.SelectedIndex = pagination.SelectedIndex - 1;

>                 // plus some additional actions associated with the 'Left' key

Author: I wrote:
// Add some additional actions associated with the 'Left' key.
If you want me to remove the quotation marks please let me know

            }
        }
        else if (e.Key.KeyPressedName == "Right")
        {
            if (pagination.SelectedIndex < pagination.IndicatorCount - 1)
            {
                pagination.SelectedIndex = pagination.SelectedIndex + 1;
                // plus some additional actions associated with the 'Right' key
            }
        }
    }
}
```

> <!-- uncomment after the review of the sample

Reviewer: Since this won't be visible till sample is added, not giving comments on this
